DVCLive: Deprecate `live` section of `dvc.yaml`. (#3411)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/exp/init.md

usage: dvc exp init [-h] [-q | -v] [--run] [--interactive] [-f]
                    [--explicit] [--name NAME] [--code CODE]
                    [--data DATA] [--models MODELS] [--params PARAMS]

>                     [--metrics METRICS] [--plots PLOTS] [--live LIVE]

Reviewer: This seems to depend on https://github.com/iterative/dvc/issues/7534, or else there is no way to configure the paths when using `--type=dl`.

Author: Opened https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7603 and updated the description here. Not 100% sure if the description is understable

  your experiment can be found (if any). Overrides other configuration and
  default value (`plots/`).

> - `--live` - use the given path to set up `metrics` and `plots` as in

Reviewer 2: `--type=dl` is no longer needed? Is it still a thing? That option desc. may also need an update.

Author: The thing is that:

> This only has an effect when used with `--type=dl`

Was not true at all. Passing `live` can have effect regardless of whether you use `--type=dl` or not

Reviewer 2: OK. So is the `--type` description accurate?

> dl stages are intended for use in deep-learning scenarios, where metrics and plots are tracked with [DVCLive](https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive).

Author: > OK. So is the --type description accurate? 

It needs to be revisited now that https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7703 has been merged. It belongs to different P.R. though

Reviewer 2: Commented in https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/7703#pullrequestreview-969077209

> - `--live` - use the given path to set up `metrics` and `plots` as in
>   [DVCLive with DVC](/doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc). Overrides other
>   configuration and default value (`dvclive/`).

Reviewer 2: Consistent with `--metrics/plots` desc:
```suggestion
- `--live` - set the path to the directory where the metrics and plots
  [produced by DVCLive](https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive/dvclive-with-dvc#outputs)
  will be found. Overrides other configuration and default value (`dvclive/`).
```
> Is that correct?
